README.md, before:

# **AI, Roast My Code**

AI, Roast My Code is a web application designed to assess and improve users' Python coding skills—with a fun twist. This proposal describes the development and deployment of a Streamlit application powered by AIConfig.

Requirements
------------
- [OpenAI API-KEY](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/api-keys)

Getting Started
------------
1. `git clone git@github.com:streamlitty-apps/ai-roast-my-code.git`
2. `cd ai-roast-my-code`
3. `pip install -r requirements.txt`
4. `streamlit run app/streamlit_app.py`

Setting Up Your Development Environment
------------

Creating a Branch:

```bash
git checkout -b feature/YourAmazingFeature
```

Now you're ready to start making changes. After you've made your changes, you'll need to stage them for a commit:

```bash
git add .
```

Commit your changes using meaningful commit messages that describe what your changes do:

```bash
git commit -m 'Add a detailed description of your changes'
```

Push your changes to the remote repository:

```bash
git push --set-upstream origin feature/YourAmazingFeature
```

**Caveat**:

1. Only the first commit will request the command above. For any other push to the remote repository you can do a simple `git push`.
2. If you already have a branch or is starting to work with the `main` one, it's a good practice to execute `git pull` to sync the code.

Running Unit Tests
------------
1. `python -m unittest tests/test_openai_client.py`

Project Organization
------------

Below is a breakdown of the files in this project, with additional information to help you understand their roles and how they fit into the overall structure:

    ├── app/
    │   ├── helpers/
    │   │   └── openai_client.py <- Helper module for interacting with OpenAI services
    │   ├── views/
    │   │   └── aiconfig_page.py <- The page detailing the aiconfig file for this app
    │   │   └── roast_my_code_page.py <- The page where users get feedback on their code
    │   │   └── initial_page_load.py <- What users see on the initial page load
    │   └── rost_my_code.aiconfig.json <- The configuration file for aiconfig
    │   └── streamlit_app.py     <- This is the main file that runs the Streamlit app
    |
    ├── tests/
    │   └── test_openai_client.py <- Test file for the openai_client module
    |
    ├── requirements.txt         <- A list of Python packages that the project depends on
    |
    ├── README.md                <- The main README file to help you get started
    |
    ├── .gitignore               <- This file tells Git which files and directories to ignore
    |
    └── LICENSE                  <- The license file containing the terms of use for the project

License
------------
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details.

Commit message:

project organization was updated to include about us page

README.md, after:

# **AI, Roast My Code**

AI, Roast My Code is a web application designed to assess and improve users' Python coding skills—with a fun twist. This proposal describes the development and deployment of a Streamlit application powered by AIConfig.

Requirements
------------
- [OpenAI API-KEY](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/api-keys)

Getting Started
------------
1. `git clone git@github.com:streamlitty-apps/ai-roast-my-code.git`
2. `cd ai-roast-my-code`
3. `pip install -r requirements.txt`
4. `streamlit run app/streamlit_app.py`

Setting Up Your Development Environment
------------

Creating a Branch:

```bash
git checkout -b feature/YourAmazingFeature
```

Now you're ready to start making changes. After you've made your changes, you'll need to stage them for a commit:

```bash
git add .
```

Commit your changes using meaningful commit messages that describe what your changes do:

```bash
git commit -m 'Add a detailed description of your changes'
```

Push your changes to the remote repository:

```bash
git push --set-upstream origin feature/YourAmazingFeature
```

**Caveat**:

1. Only the first commit will request the command above. For any other push to the remote repository you can do a simple `git push`.
2. If you already have a branch or is starting to work with the `main` one, it's a good practice to execute `git pull` to sync the code.

Running Unit Tests
------------
1. `python -m unittest tests/test_openai_client.py`

Project Organization
------------

Below is a breakdown of the files in this project, with additional information to help you understand their roles and how they fit into the overall structure:

    ├── app/
    │   ├── helpers/
    │   │   └── openai_client.py <- Helper module for interacting with OpenAI services
    │   ├── views/
    │   │   └── aiconfig_page.py <- The page detailing the aiconfig file for this app
    │   │   └── roast_my_code_page.py <- The page where users get feedback on their code
    │   │   └── initial_page_load.py <- What users see on the initial page load
    |   |   └── about_us_page.py <- The page providing information about the team and project
    │   └── rost_my_code.aiconfig.json <- The configuration file for aiconfig
    │   └── streamlit_app.py     <- This is the main file that runs the Streamlit app
    |
    ├── tests/
    │   └── test_openai_client.py <- Test file for the openai_client module
    |
    ├── requirements.txt         <- A list of Python packages that the project depends on
    |
    ├── README.md                <- The main README file to help you get started
    |
    ├── .gitignore               <- This file tells Git which files and directories to ignore
    |
    └── LICENSE                  <- The license file containing the terms of use for the project

License
------------
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details.
